It's really a turtle with a bastard
Garbage at the bottom of two societies
Also installed the owner of the net worth
Even my status is not qualified to see you
I really don't know the sky and earth
Third Master Shen dares to pretend
I don't pretend anymore.
My father is the richest man in Yuncheng, the head of the Gu family
You are so
Shen Yanzhen was once fortunate enough to visit my house as a guest
I've seen him before.
I will prove it for him in the name of Yuncheng's down payment daughter
He is Shen Renchen
If you say so
What I said is unreliable
A fake damage three eyes
A daughter posing as the richest man
You don't want to live
Hey no
Can you two trash stop bragging?
Haochen ignore them two neuroses
We're going to the awards dinner in two days
It happened to be hosted by the Shen family
At that time, the Shen family Shenyang will be there in person
You can see the real head of the Shen family
Rarely in the public eye
Tiantian, don't you know him well?
Remember to introduce it then.
Then of course there is no problem.
When did I become acquainted with him?
Shen Yanzhen, are you familiar with this woman?
I don't know him at all.
You say so
I'm afraid to move and you'll be taken care of
People like you
I'm afraid I haven't even entered the door of a high-end place
Talk to you
Really disconnected
Don't be familiar with them
He just remembered to wait until I divorced him
He is afraid
There is no chance to connect with the upper class, right?
Aren't you going to divorce him?
Go quickly
So impulsive
I actually got a certificate from a street scout
I didn't have time to check the details of this woman
Will it be different?
Gu Jinxi
I warn you
There's confidentiality in the divorce papers
If you dare to take you and Haochen
Married people are everywhere
Affect his heart
I will never find it